kind of finding it hard to gather
thoughts right now because if you
haven't noticed there's a being snake on
my face
what are we doing today we're getting
snakes Lana I don't know why you're so
excited about it we are going to try
Massage Therapy of snakes I read on the
internet about this thing called snake
massages this man looks so happy I can't
imagine that's what I'm gonna be like
why am i doing this again
Esquire networks Team Ninja Warrior
challenge the test friends to do
something extreme so I'm bringing in a
12 foot Python are you sweating yes many
phone calls are sweating this is a
normal human reaction why do you think
people are afraid to think they bite but
makes actually really docile if you take
care of him properly
all right so this is Casper and he's a
ghost corn snake oh he's adorable
Stanley the ball python and mrs. Swasey
the ball python yeah you want to hold
first oh wait
what's a good way to hold him okay okay
Wow look at his eyes ah
I know you're so scary I never felt an
animal that feels like this before
he's a constrictor so he likes to
squeeze squeeze out the pain Casper it's
Dasia bitch okay I'm gonna throw up or
cry or something I don't even know I've
okay with the snakes being on my back I
would prefer not to have snakes on my
boobs I'm gonna get the snakes on my
chest I think it'll be like getting a
hug let's do this it's gonna be dope
probably hopefully okay okay okay this
is not a sensation that I have
experienced before today oh my god is
going right by her face doesn't smell
that and say that it feels kind of good
Macy I'm just showing I could actually
like fall asleep Aviva but you know what
they kind of feel like thin long ice
packs just moving across my body
yeah if I shut my eyes I do sort of goes
off it is very relaxing there's just
something about watching a snake move it
kind of makes me not just like eating go
they were needing the muscles on my desk
ready yeah I guess I want half acid I
put the snakes in my face weird I want a
snake scalp massage and I want it now
please take off your shirt and why I'm
just going off the brochure here
so act like you don't like it you ever
seen a head more ready to get a snake
put on it all right let's do this
comes Casper okie dokie hotel oh this
already feels great up there if there's
one I'm getting goosebumps let's just
look let's just put the snake oh yeah
yep yep okay I can hear him breathing oh
this is the best forgive me if I'm not
the most articulate right holy Sh he's
going across my eyeballs
you know you sometimes you hear people
breathing a new year but very rarely a
snake what what is the point of this
again one of the benefits I'm proud of
you burger so relaxed it's working so
far genuinely feels like this amazing
massage is just going to town right on
the old package oh I think if you list I
got the back of my dick I could have
done that for like four or five more
hours so I was already really really
nervous and freaking out like that I'm
freaked
and then I'm laying there on the table
head down Ned tells me to turn around
and see the snake coming for me and it
is enormous oh wait is it a big one oh
my god oh my god no no no like the
biggest snake I've ever even dreamed up
so this is big worm call about roguish
feet long and he's 50 pounds and I did
not sign up for that at all I thought
they were little snakes it was not gonna
be a big deal uh even thinking about it
now just really freaks me out I'm sorry
okay oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god
oh god okay oh sorry I'm so scared
Oh oh my god okay here's the time okay
okay I don't know I'm not finding this
at all Roxie I was freaking out the
entire time I never got used to it but
I'm proud of myself that I accomplished
it and I did it and I have it on video
proof for the rest of my life I was
really scared at first but it's really
relaxing I mean as you can see I don't
want to let him go can I take this guy
home er yeah I'm very proud of myself
that I did
it did get more relaxing towards the end
it felt like a real massage not scared
of snakes then totally go for it I dig
them I would totally do this again I'll
stick with you man I'm gonna get a taste
of my own medicine see what it's like
thanks for watching the test runs